[YAML] Add multiple custom packages for the same software title in the same fleet (#48266)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

Author: ### Dev note

- If the user specifies `self_service` and/or `categories` on both fleet-level under `software.package` and package-level files, throw an error.
  - Couldn't add software ("<url>"). `self_service` and `categories` can be specified either in the fleet-level file or in the package YAML file.
- If the user specifies `setup_experience` in a package-level file **with multiple packages**, throw an error.
  - Couldn't add software ("<url>"). `setup_experience` can be specified only in the fleet-level file.
- If the user specifies labels in a fleet-level file for a package YAML file **with multiple packages inside**, throw an error.
  - Couldn't add software ("<url>"). Labels can be specified only in the package-level file when adding multiple packages of the same software.

Author: @cdcme I forgot to add these dev notes. Please let me know if you have any questions.

Reviewer: @marko-lisica ty! Updated the relevant issues 👍

```

#### self_service, labels, categories, and setup_experience

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

```

#### self_service, labels, categories, and setup_experience

> When adding [multiple packages](#multiple-versions-of-the-same-software) for the same software title, `self_service`, `categories`, and labels must be specified for each package inside the package YAML file, not on the fleet-level YAML file.

Author: ```suggestion
```

#### Example

##### Multiple versions of the same software

You can add multiple packages for the same software in a package YAML file. This enables staged rollouts and support of architecture-specific installers.

`self_service`, `categories`, and labels are defined per package. `setup_experience` is defined on the fleet-level.

If multiple packages target the same host, Fleet will install the one that was added first.

> > In GitOps, the first package added is the first one in the package YAML file's list on the run that first adds the title's packages. Reordering the list on a later run doesn't change which package was added first. 

Author: ```suggestion
> In GitOps, the first package added is the first one in the package YAML file's list on the initial run that adds the title's packages. Reordering the list on a later run doesn't change the order.
```

      - Customer Support
```

##### Multiple versions of the same software

You can add multiple packages for the same software in a package YAML file. This enables staged rollouts and support of architecture-specific installers.

> `self_service`, `categories`, and labels are defined per package inside the package YAML file.

Author: ```suggestion
`self_service`, `categories`, and labels are defined per package inside the package YAML file.

If multiple packages target the same host, Fleet will install the one that was added first.

In GitOps, the first package added is the first one in the package YAML file's list on the run that first adds the title's packages. Reordering the list on a later run doesn't change which package was added first. To change it, remove the package from the YAML and re-add it on a later run.

You can always preview the order of the packages in the UI. The first package in the list is always a fallback in case of a conflict.
```

> `self_service`, `categories`, and labels are defined per package inside the package YAML file, not on the fleet-level YAML file.

Author: ```suggestion
`self_service`, `categories`, and labels are defined per package inside the package YAML file.
```

`fleets/fleet-name.yml`, or `fleets/unassigned.yml`

```yaml
software:
  packages:
    - path: ../lib/software/santa.package.yml
```

`lib/software/santa.package.yml`

```yaml
- url: https://github.com/northpolesec/santa/releases/download/2026.2/santa-2026.2.pkg
  install_script:
    path: ../lib/software/santa-install-script.sh
  self_service: true
  labels_include_all:
    - macOS
- url: https://github.com/northpolesec/santa/releases/download/2026.4/santa-2026.4.pkg
  install_script:
    path: ../lib/software/santa-install-script.sh
  self_service: true
  categories:
    - "💻 Productivity"
  labels_include_all:
    - macOS
    - IT test team
```

If multiple packages target the same host, Fleet will install the one that was added first.

> The first package added to a title is also returned in the `software_package` field of the API for backwards compatibility. For GitOps, the first package added is the first one in the package YAML file's list on the run that first adds the title's packages. Reordering the list on a later run does _not_ change which package was added first, because existing packages keep their original order. To change it, remove the package from the YAML and re-add it on a later run.

Author: ```suggestion
```

      - Customer Support
```

##### Multiple versions of the same software

> You can add multiple packages for the same software title by pointing a single `packages` entry at a package YAML file that lists more than one package. This way you can do a staged rollout of a new version or target different architectures (e.g. Arm vs. Intel) using labels.

Author: ```suggestion
You can add multiple packages for the same software in a package YAML file. This enables staged rollouts and support of architecture-specific installers.
```
